README.md, before:

# my_gym

Personal workout tracking app built with Flutter.

## Features

* 4-day rotating workout plan parsed from Markdown (`assets/workouts/workouts.md`).
* Automatic recommended day selection based on weekday (Sunday maps to Day 1; cycle repeats every 4 days).
* Manual workout day override with persistence.
* Session tracking with exercise set logging and history & stats view.
* Local persistence via SharedPreferences (settings, active session, cached plans, manual selection).

## Manual Workout Day Selection (Override)

You can manually choose any workout day regardless of the current calendar day.

### How it Works

The app normally computes a recommended plan index using a simple 4-day cycle keyed off the weekday.
When you manually choose a plan, an override index is stored and used until you explicitly clear it.

### Persistence

The manual selection is persisted in SharedPreferences using `StorageService.saveManualPlanIndex`.
On app launch or provider initialization, `WorkoutProvider` restores the saved index (if valid) before computing the recommended plan.

### UI Usage

1. Open the Home screen.
2. Tap the calendar icon (in the AppBar) to open the Workout Day Picker.
3. Choose a day to set it as the active override (it will display as "Selected").
4. The plan that would have been picked automatically is still marked as "Recommended" for reference.
5. To go back to automatic rotation, open the picker and tap "Revert to automatic selection".

### Visual Indicators

* Selected plan: Badge labeled "Selected".
* Recommended plan: Badge labeled "Recommended" (shown when different from selected).

### Code References

* Provider logic: `lib/providers/workout_provider.dart`
	* Fields: `_manualPlanIndex`, `manualPlanIndex`, `isManualSelection`.
	* Methods: `selectPlanByIndex`, `selectPlanByDayNumber`, `clearManualPlanSelection`.
	* Persistence helpers: `_persistManualSelection`, `_restoreManualSelection`.
* Storage layer: `lib/services/storage_service_impl.dart` implements `saveManualPlanIndex` / `loadManualPlanIndex`.
* UI component: `lib/widgets/workout_day_picker.dart` (modal bottom sheet; launched from Home screen AppBar).

### Testing

The persistence behavior is covered by `test/unit/workout_provider_manual_selection_test.dart` which verifies:
* Selection persists across provider re-instantiation.
* Clearing selection removes the persisted index.

## Development

Run analyzer & tests:
```bash
flutter analyze
flutter test
```

Build an APK (debug):
```bash
flutter build apk
```

## Roadmap Ideas

* Add UI chip on Home screen indicating manual override is active with a one-tap revert.
* Export/import workout history as JSON (export already scaffolded via `StorageService.exportData`).
* Additional statistics (PR tracking, volume graphs).

## License

Currently unpublished / private; add a license file if planning distribution.

Commit message:

Lisence update and icon, splash screen update

README.md, after:

# my_gym

Personal workout tracking app built with Flutter.

## Features

* 4-day rotating workout plan parsed from Markdown (`assets/workouts/workouts.md`).
* Automatic recommended day selection based on weekday (Sunday maps to Day 1; cycle repeats every 4 days).
* Manual workout day override with persistence.
* Session tracking with exercise set logging and history & stats view.
* Local persistence via SharedPreferences (settings, active session, cached plans, manual selection).

## Manual Workout Day Selection (Override)

You can manually choose any workout day regardless of the current calendar day.

### How it Works

The app normally computes a recommended plan index using a simple 4-day cycle keyed off the weekday.
When you manually choose a plan, an override index is stored and used until you explicitly clear it.

### Persistence

The manual selection is persisted in SharedPreferences using `StorageService.saveManualPlanIndex`.
On app launch or provider initialization, `WorkoutProvider` restores the saved index (if valid) before computing the recommended plan.

### UI Usage

1. Open the Home screen.
2. Tap the calendar icon (in the AppBar) to open the Workout Day Picker.
3. Choose a day to set it as the active override (it will display as "Selected").
4. The plan that would have been picked automatically is still marked as "Recommended" for reference.
5. To go back to automatic rotation, open the picker and tap "Revert to automatic selection".

### Visual Indicators

* Selected plan: Badge labeled "Selected".
* Recommended plan: Badge labeled "Recommended" (shown when different from selected).

### Code References

* Provider logic: `lib/providers/workout_provider.dart`
	* Fields: `_manualPlanIndex`, `manualPlanIndex`, `isManualSelection`.
	* Methods: `selectPlanByIndex`, `selectPlanByDayNumber`, `clearManualPlanSelection`.
	* Persistence helpers: `_persistManualSelection`, `_restoreManualSelection`.
* Storage layer: `lib/services/storage_service_impl.dart` implements `saveManualPlanIndex` / `loadManualPlanIndex`.
* UI component: `lib/widgets/workout_day_picker.dart` (modal bottom sheet; launched from Home screen AppBar).

### Testing

The persistence behavior is covered by `test/unit/workout_provider_manual_selection_test.dart` which verifies:
* Selection persists across provider re-instantiation.
* Clearing selection removes the persisted index.

## Development

Run analyzer & tests:
```bash
flutter analyze
flutter test
```

Build an APK (debug):
```bash
flutter build apk
```

### Splash Screen

Configured via `flutter_native_splash` in `pubspec.yaml`.
Regenerate after changes:
```bash
dart run flutter_native_splash:create
```
Customize color & image in the `flutter_native_splash` section.

## Roadmap Ideas

* Add UI chip on Home screen indicating manual override is active with a one-tap revert.
* Export/import workout history as JSON (export already scaffolded via `StorageService.exportData`).
* Additional statistics (PR tracking, volume graphs).

## License
This project is licensed under the GNU General Public License v3.0 (GPL-3.0).

You should have received a copy of the license text in the `LICENSE` file at the root of this repository.
If not, see: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.txt

Key points (summary, not a substitute for the full license):
* You may copy, distribute, and modify the software as long as modifications are released under GPLv3.
* Must provide source code when distributing binaries.
* No warranty; use at your own risk.

For exact terms, always read the full LICENSE file.
